`azurerm_netapp_pool` - update the validation of `size_in_tb` (#22943)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/netapp_pool.html.markdown

* `service_level` - (Required) The service level of the file system. Valid values include `Premium`, `Standard`, or `Ultra`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `size_in_tb` - (Required) Provisioned size of the pool in TB. Value must be between `2` and `500`.

Author: Updated.

* `service_level` - (Required) The service level of the file system. Valid values include `Premium`, `Standard`, or `Ultra`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `size_in_tb` - (Required) Provisioned size of the pool in TB. Value must be between `2` and `500`.

> ~> **NOTE** `2` TB capacity pool sizing is currently in preview. You can only take advantage of the `2` TB minimum if all the volumes in the capacity pool are using `Standard` network features. If any volume is using `Basic` network features, the minimum size is `4` TB. See [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-netapp-files/azure-netapp-files-set-up-capacity-pool) for more information.

Reviewer: We should not include the locale (e.g., `en-us`) in the product link and allow the sites locale picker determine which locale the documentation should be served in.
```suggestion
~> **NOTE** `2` TB capacity pool sizing is currently in preview. You can only take advantage of the `2` TB minimum if all the volumes in the capacity pool are using `Standard` network features. If any volume is using `Basic` network features, the minimum size is `4` TB. Please see the product [documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-netapp-files/azure-netapp-files-set-up-capacity-pool) for more information.
```

Author: Thanks. Updated.
